[MUSIC]
>> Alexis Abril: One final exercise for
this suite of prototype base concepts.
One of really important thing
we need to do especially
when you're setting up your own
custom chains is check whether or
not the object you're dealing with is
an instance of something you would expect.
Or maybe you have a condition to
say if it's a shape throw it into
our 2D algorithms.
If it's a sphere throw
it in our 3D algorithms.
Whatever you have to do but
there's a lot of good reasons to check for
instance of if you want to see if
something is an array you wanna probably
use something like type of a key word
like type of isn't going to give us what
the actual information that we need.
But if we have an actual array we
can say is a instance of array and
this will give us true or false.
So we don't want that same
functionality here in our case.
We're checking to see if
our newly created person
was constructed from
our person constructor.
Is a little p or little person
an instance of capital P person?
So this is gonna be our exercise.
We wanna createa function called
instance of it's going to
take two arguments one is
the object we want to compare and
two is the constructor we want to
compare it to is this object has
this object being constructed from this
constructor not necessarily directly.
We're going to have to
check the proto chain,
because is Person
an instance of base object?
Yes, right?
Is Person an instance of array?
No, that's one branch, it isn't.
This person an instance of big person?
Yes, so your gonna have to walk up
the proto chain to check a few properties.
Let you're verbalizing this what
does instance of need to do for
us.
>> Alexis Abril: You
don't have to give me the actual syntax or
the actual,
just using our little graph over here.
>> Speaker 2: True or
false base on whether it's not class.
Instance of it was created
with a certain constructor.
>> Alexis Abril: Yeah, we wanna check if,
I kinda wanna draw.
If you're gonna walk up the proto chain.
So imagine we have little person, little
p, which is just an object in space.
It's proto property points
to person's prototype,
that's the first thing it points to.
The second, then it's approaching
goes on to point to base object.
What we want to check as we move up the
proto chain, is this constructor function?
What we expect.
So we're passing in a function here big P,
Person.
When we walk up the proto chain is this
prototypes constructor what we expect,
if it is then we are an instance,
if it isn't keep walking up the proto
chain until you find something that
matches or until you reach the end
of the ptoto chain.
>> Alexis Abril: Does that make sense?
This method will return a Boolean.
It'll be true or false,
true if it's found, false if it isn't.
>> Speaker 2: I
think you said it backwards.
You were saying this prototype's
constructor instead of this constructor's
prototype.
>> Alexis Abril: Yes,
yes, sorry.
>> Speaker 2: So,
basically what you're doing is
you're walking up the proto chain
until the next item in the proto chain
is equal to the constructor function.
Constructor function that's passed in?
>> Alexis Abril: Actually,
the var is false because you
have to do probably both ways.
>> Speaker 2: But not-
>> Alexis Abril: You do it probably
both ways.
>> Speaker 2: No is.
>> Alexis Abril: Okay,
fair enough.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
it can be not there the constructor part.
>> Alexis Abril: Yeah, fair enough.
Does that condition make sense.
>> Alexis Abril: To everyone?
Does that not make sense at all to you?
>> Speaker 3: I don't
understand the last part that you said.
>> Alexis Abril: Okay,
that's a specific case but
we're talking about, when you're checking
your conditions you have access to
the person you have the function and
you have your objects and you have it's
wherever it's proto is pointing to.
So here you can check your
constructor.prototype.
And compare are those
two objects the same,
are they pointing to
the same place in memory.
If they are then where an instance
of that it return true,
if they're not like let's say it's
down here keep walking up the proto
chain until those match or
if they never match just return false.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, okay.
>> Speaker 2: One way of thinking about it
is, if you have a date and I want to see
if it is an INSTANCEOF object, I would
just keep working up a date instances
proto, until it equalled object.prototype.